README.md, before:

This is a bad red ball clone in p5js, using p5play.

![download (1)](https://github.com/TexanDoomGuy/Bad-Red-Ball-2/assets/86894317/dddc9490-c3bd-4293-a2c1-27730adad63c)

Press w for game journalist mode (only on level 1).
level 5 is the last level.

Purple is the finish line.
Red are barriers.
Everything else is ground.

Made for a school project with 900 lines of unreadable and code without comments.

There's also a level editor by pressing p
It's not meant to be used by yall, but heres how to do it anyways.

1. Open your browser's dev tools and open the console
2. Press p while in game
3. In the console, type GP1/GP2 = false (GP1 for ground 1, and GP2 for ground 2, that's it for now.)
4. Click two points you would like the thing to go through.
5. Then click again to print the code that makes a line to console.
6. Run both printed lines to preview.

This is complicated because you're not supposed to use it.

Newgrounds version
https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/917245

![ad](https://github.com/TexanDoomGuy/Bad-Red-Ball-2/assets/86894317/8aa31cca-3e82-4082-b8ea-8f6d3f7baa43)

Commit message:

debug mode was on, fixed it.

README.md, after:

This is a bad red ball clone in p5js, using p5play.

![download (1)](https://github.com/TexanDoomGuy/Bad-Red-Ball-2/assets/86894317/dddc9490-c3bd-4293-a2c1-27730adad63c)

Press w for game journalist mode (only on level 1)

level 5 is the last level.

Purple is the finish line.
Red are barriers.
Everything else is ground.

Made for a school project with 900 lines of unreadable and code without comments.

debug = 1 in console to turn debug mode on.
debug mode just displays random crap I need to see when making the game.

There's also a level editor by pressing p
It's not meant to be used by yall, but heres how to do it anyways.

1. Open your browser's dev tools and open the console
2. Press p while in game
3. In the console, type GP1/GP2 = false (GP1 for ground 1, and GP2 for ground 2, that's it for now.)
4. Click two points you would like the thing to go through.
5. Then click again to print the code that makes a line to console.
6. Run both printed lines to preview.

This is complicated because you're not supposed to use it.

Newgrounds version
https://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/917245

![ad](https://github.com/TexanDoomGuy/Bad-Red-Ball-2/assets/86894317/8aa31cca-3e82-4082-b8ea-8f6d3f7baa43)
